# Code of Conduct

## 1. Purpose

SLUG believes our community should be truly open for everyone.
As such, we are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming
environment for all, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability,
ethnicity, religion, preferred operating system, programming language, or text
editor.

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for participant behavior. We
invite all volunteers, speakers, attendees, and other participants to help us
realize a safe and positive experience for everyone.

## 2. Scope

We expect all participants (volunteers, speakers, attendees, and other guests)
to abide by this code of conduct at all meetings, hacking sessions, and other
events. These same rules also apply on our social media properties (including,
but not limited to facebook, meetup, and linked in) and on the IRC network.

## 3. Expected Behavior

  * Be considerate, respectful, and collaborative.
  * Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory or harassing behavior and speech.
  * Be mindful of your surroundings and of your fellow participants.
  * Alert meeting organizers if you notice a dangerous situation or someone in distress.

## 4. Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behaviors include: intimidating, harassing, abusive,
discriminatory, derogatory or demeaning conduct by any attendees. All meeting
venues may be shared with members of the public; please be respectful to all
patrons of these locations.

Harassment includes: offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, race, religion, disability; inappropriate use of nudity and/or
sexual images (including presentation slides); deliberate intimidation,
stalking or following; harassing photography or recording; sustained
disruption of talks or other events; inappropriate physical contact, and
unwelcome sexual attention.

## 5. Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behavior by other attendees, organizers, or other patrons of
meeting venues will not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately.

If anyone engages in unacceptable behavior, the meeting organizers may take
any action they deem appropriate including expulsion from the meeting or event
without warning.

## 6. What to do if you witness or are subject to unacceptable behavior

If you are subject to unacceptable behavior, notice that someone else is being
subject to unacceptable behavior, or have any other concerns, please notify
[conductor@suncoastlug.org](mailto:conductor@suncoastlug.org) if possible or if impractical, Dylan
Hardison as soon as possible.

## Contact Information:

    President of SLUG
    +1 727-804-2802
    [conductor@suncoastlug.org](mailto:conductor@suncoastlug.org)
